[Music]
ah today will answer the question what
is your totem animal well for me it's an
animal small enough that I can totem
around but hey I can't speak for
everyone
somewhere deep inside every person has
their own spirit animal but today we're
not talking about just any animal but
mythical creatures are you ready to find
out which one lives within you well like
in Alien No oh good then this test is
just what you need remember to hit the
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to stay updated here
on the bright side now before we start
you better grab a pen and a piece of
paper to write down how many points each
answer will bring you at the end you'll
sum up all your points using addition
and find out what creature drives your
spirit now let's get into it
number one imagine there are only two
seasons in the year which ones would you
choose a spring and fall be summer in
winter see spring and summer D fall in
winter E
summer and fall answer a is worth 50
points B brings you 30 points if you
opted for C you get 40 points answer D
is 20 points and if you've chosen answer
e write down ten points question two
where do you feel most comfortable a in
a colorful autumn forest be in a big
hectic city C near a large body of water
like a lake river or the ocean D in a
park near my house in the summer e in
the mountains if your answer is a write
down 20 points answer B adds 50 points
to your tally C is worth 40 points if
you pick D you get 30 more points and
answer e brings you ten points
number three who is your favorite
superhero a I have the greatest respect
for Doctor Strange be I admire the flash
for his awesome speed see I wish I could
be as strong as the Hulk D
I prefer Wolverine II who could be
better than spider-man answer a is worth
30 points B brings you 40 points if
you've opted for C you get 10 points
answer D is 20 points and if you've
chosen answer e write down 50 points
number 4 what kind of people do you
prefer to talk to a smart and sarcastic
be cute and funny C intelligent and
introverted D energetic and witty e kind
and wise if your answer is a write down
10 points answer B makes your score 20
points higher C is worth 40 points if
you pick D add 50 points to your score
and answer e brings you 30 points number
5 if you could build your perfect home
anywhere on earth
what location would you choose a on a
tall mountain away from civilization be
in a small town where everybody knows
each other
C on an island with only about 25 other
people D at a popular and expensive
beach resort e in the country surrounded
by a huge garden answer a is worth 10
points B brings you 20 points if you
went for C you get 30 points
answer D is 50 points and if you've
chosen answer e write down 40 points
number six if you could be an object
which would it be a a beautiful rare
flower in a botanical garden be a
brand-new gadget everyone wants to have
see a super fast race car D an old tree
that's home to a family of squirrels e
a mysterious cave full of treasures and
traps if your answer is a write down 20
points answer B will add 50 points to
your score C is worth 10 points if you
pick D add 40 points to your tally and
answer e brings you 30 points number 7
choose the word you liked the most
a a B be powerful see mysterious D kind
II rich answer a is worth 50 points B
brings you 20 points
if you've opted for C you get 30 points
answer D is 40 points and if you chose
answer e write down ten points number
eight how do you deal with your problems
a first I create a plan then I get down
to making it happen B I research the
issue and find the solution online see I
usually ignore the problem until it
either disappears or reaches its boiling
point D problems I don't have any of
those e
I always improvise in most cases it
works out fine answer a gives you 40
more points answer B is a whopping 50
points C is worth 10 points if you pick
D add 30 points to your score and order
yourself 20 points for choosing e number
9 what's your favorite way to recharge
a a nice long walk on the beach be a
delicious meal shared with my friends in
a good restaurant C playing my favorite
computer games D sleeping and napping
all day long e going out maybe to the
movies a bar or nightclub answer a is
worth 40 points you get ten points for
choosing B if you pick C you get 20
points
answer D is 30 points and if you've
chosen answer e write down 50 points
number 10
what's your favorite movie genre a I
watch mostly action films B there's
nothing better than a good old drama T
see horror movies all the way D the more
epic the better E how can anyone live
without criminal thrillers and mysteries
if your answer is a write down ten
points answer B gets 20 points C will
get you 50 more points if you pick D add
30 points to your score and answer e
gives you 40 points now use your
mathematical skills add up your points
and let's see your result if you got 100
to 160 points your spirit animal is a
dragon you do everything to achieve your
goals and become successful it's
important for you to be well-off and
respected by others your sense of
purpose helps you overcome difficulties
that appear on your way to the top you
appreciate and treasure your friends and
family just like dragons protect their
gold if you came out with 170 to 230
points your spirit animal is a unicorn
unicorns are magical creatures whose
horns have healing properties
that's exactly how your words influence
those around you you give great advice
but never impose your own opinion on
others your mere presence has a calming
effect on those who feel agitated and
nervous you're just like your spirit
animal which symbolizes peace and
prosperity if you have 240 to 300 points
your spirit animal is a sphinx sphinxes
can see into people's souls which
explains your innate ability to see the
essence of things despite your
understanding of human nature you often
keep your thoughts to yourself so that
you don't come off as insensitive and
like the Sphinx if there's some threat
to your loved ones you turn into a
ferocious creature ready to destroy
anyone who's hurt your close ones if
your score is from 310 to 370 points
your spirit animal is a Pegasus now a
Pegasus is a breathtaking white stallion
with beautiful elegant wings just like
this mythical animal you value your
freedom you fulfill your obligations
dutifully and earnestly you have a brave
and caring soul people love your loyalty
and inner strength just keep believing
in yourself and you will fly if you
ended up with 380 to 440 points your
spirit animal is a key to nay these
Japanese multi tails shape-shifting
Fox's love playing tricks on people sure
they like to have fun but they're also
faithful and loyal friends not to
mention they can be very wise in fact
the more tails a kitsune has the wiser
and more powerful it is your wit sharp
mind and sense of humor make you
especially attractive to all kinds of
different people if you have 450 to 500
points your spirit animal is a Phoenix
you have a bright personality and a
wonderful ability to bounce
even after some serious failures you
usually focus on the big picture as if
you can see the world from above this
helps you understand things that others
aren't able to see keep flying high and
not letting life's troubles bring you
down so what's your spirit animal let us
know in the comments below be sure to
give this video a like share it with
your friends to compare your results and
hit that subscribe button to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]